https://youtu.be/qZ6lX1jmDT0

Hello!
Today is not an ordinary day for me - I’m walking in a beautiful snowy park where you can see a squirrel and I’m recording a video. This is not typical behavior for me. Usually, thanks to RS-School, I sit at the computer from morning to evening.
Just kidding! In fact, I sincerely want, as Vitaly Mutko said, Let me speak from my heart. So, I want from the bottom of my heart to thank the organizers, teachers, mentors and everyone involved in the work of the RS-School for the opportunity to study web development free of charge at RS-School. Thanks to you, I have learned a lot and hope to learn more. Thank you!
My name is Grigory, I live in St. Petersburg with my family. I studied well at school, after school I graduated from a university, received a specialty, worked in it, lived without bothering... but due to the change in the political situation, my work ended and my profession became unclaimed. Now I need another profession as soon as possible in order to provide myself and my family with a source of income for living. This is the first and the main reason why I became a student at RS-School.
The second reason why I decided to study to be a web developer is my hobbies. I like playing Red Alert, sorry, I meant to say I like playing checkers, chess and Go. But you can’t make money from these hobbies. But in web development, which I also like, you can make money. Well, at least I hope so... The near future will show how well my plan worked.
The third reason is the weather. They say that nature has no bad weather. Yes, that's true. But every autumn, when typical St. Petersburg weather begins (no sun, temperatures around zero degrees, light drizzle and wind), I have an irresistible desire to fly south like a migratory bird. There are professions that require connection to a workplace, but the profession of a web developer provides the opportunity to work remotely. I consider this a big plus and dream of working remotely in order to get to warmer climes more often.
To implement my plans, I enrolled in RS-School courses. Studying at RS-School takes me a lot of time and is not easy. You have to fight procrastination one on one without the support of your classmates. At school I got 4 and 5 grades, participated in olympiads and consider myself no stupider than others... but when studying web development, I periodically feel like a very stupid poor student. The guys who are at the top of the rating - you are monsters, you are cool. How did you do it?
I am very well aware that there is a big difference between understanding and being able to. I often understand what needs to be done, I can create an algorithm, but I cannot write it correctly in JavaScript. If we compare the machine language JavaScript and a human foreign language, then grammar needs to be learned from both the machine language and the human foreign language, but the human language is forgiving of mistakes, but the machine language is not. For the machine to understand you, you need to write code without errors. It’s easier with human language - another person will understand you, even if you wrote with errors...
Thanks to my studies, I learned a lot of new things, from basic mathematics to node.js. But perhaps the most improved skill after RS-School courses with materials in English is the ability to google. It seems to me that RS-School can add such a subject to the program - Google Search.
They say that if you want to make God laugh, then tell him about your plans. Well, I'll try: I plan to finish my studies this year and find a job.
